Rewrite from proc-macro to build.rs (#15)
tweedegolf/memory-serve: README.md

## Usage

Provide a relative path to the directory containing your static assets

> usinf the `ASSET_PATH` environment variable. This macro creates a data structure intended to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `ASSET_PATH` environment variable. This macro creates a data structure intended to
```

Reviewer: Fixed in [638807b](https://github.com/tweedegolf/memory-serve/pull/15/commits/638807b881dbd0ae70e1a6ef47198ec7ccffe17c)

> Provide a relative path to the directory containing your static assets
> using the `ASSET_PATH` environment variable. This macro creates a data structure intended to
> be consumed by [`MemoryServe::new`]. Calling [`MemoryServe::into_router()`] on
> the resulting instance produces a axum

Reviewer 2: Comment still mentions the removed macro.

Feel free to write something different but I pulled some from the description of the PR to maybe save you some time:
```suggestion
Provide a relative path to the directory containing your static assets
using the `ASSET_PATH` environment variable. This path will be used in a build script and any changes to files in that path or the variable itself will trigger a rerun and will load fresh assets. The output of the build script is consumed by [`MemoryServe::new`]. Calling [`MemoryServe::into_router()`] on
the resulting instance produces a axum
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this! I took your suggestion and also mentioned the build script instead of the macro further on. See [7fad903](https://github.com/tweedegolf/memory-serve/pull/15/commits/7fad903403a87d7ae26ef3de8b5d535c454e2cd0)
